Welcome to the ¬dev (notDev) Meeting information Directory! 

# **[Task Matrices](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1paBNAvlPqo-rrVl_JR8R4uvp5F34yir2WKySzl2PoTk/edit?usp=sharing)**

# **Meetings**
  * Meeting 0: Thursday, October 5th: (20min duration) 
  * Meeting 1 Part A: Tuesday, October 10th (1h duration)
  * Meeting 1 Part B: Thursday, October 12th (1h duration)
  * Meeting 2 Part A: Tuesday, October 17th (1h duration)
  * Meeting 2 Part B: Thursday, October 19th (1h duration)


# **Preferable Meeting Time**
  * Tuesdays and Thursdays - After class
  * Possibly Meeting locations: DOU lab and Sitdown study areas on campus; the library is also lit.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

# **Documented Minutes** 
## **Meeting 1 part A: 10/10/2017, 7:30 - 8:30pm**
##### 	Location: Cherry Parkes study room
##### 	Attending: Brandon, Daylen, Devon, Michelle, Tim
##### 	Absent: no one
##### 	Facilitator: Devon
##### 	Minute Taker: Brandon

## **Discussion Summary part A:**

	• We discussed that we would politely let each other know if someone exercises too much control
		or isn't participating enough. We also agreed that if there is inclement weather or someone isn't feeling good
		that we would use "Discord" for the people(s) not showing up to the meeting as it has chat and a webcam feature.
		We attempted to set up a domain but decided it would be easier to use github pages as a project website.
		We are going to continue the rest of the meeting Thursday the 12th after class.

## **Meeting 1 part B: 10/12/2017, 7:30 - 8:30pm**
##### 	Location: Cherry Parkes study room
##### 	Attending: Brandon, Daylen, Devon, Michelle, Tim
##### 	Absent: no one
##### 	Facilitator: Devon
##### 	Minute Taker: Brandon

## **Discussion Summary Part B:**

	• We set this meeting to finish the user stories assignment and also talk about what features we need to still complete for our
		website. We came up with a couple of user stories and attached some business rules to them. We went over what we would bring to next meeting for paper prototyping.
		We also started a task matrix for the next week in order to track duties and split them amongst ourselves as well. The rest of the meeting was discussing what
		our next meetings agenda would be and who would be the facilitator (Daylen) and minute-taker (Michelle).

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## **Meeting 2 part A: 10/17/2017, 7:30 - 9:30pm**
##### 	Location: Cherry Parkes study room
##### 	Attending: Brandon, Daylen, Michelle, Tim 
##### 	Absent: Devon
##### 	facilitator: Daylen
##### 	Minute Taker: Michelle

## **Discussion Summary Part A:**

	• During this meeting, we wrote up our 3 chosen user stories on index cards and discussed the easter egg task. 
		For the most part, this just required breaking down the task into writing the base code, writing JUnit tests, and writing out javaDoc.
		We also updated the task matrix and decided to meet again Thursday to work on the paper prototype of our project. 


## **Meeting 2 part B: 10/19/2017, 4:30 - 5:20pm**
##### 	Location: Cherry Parkes study room
##### 	Attending: Brandon, Daylen, Devon, Michelle, Tim
##### 	Absent: no one
##### 	Facilitator: Daylen
##### 	Minute Taker: Michelle

## **Discussion Summary Part B:**

	• We worked more on the paper prototype and reduced down to a simpler project where we focus only on replacing appliances. 

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## **Meeting 3 'Discord': 11/5/2017, 11:10am - 12:10pm**
##### 	Attending: Brandon, Daylen, Devon
##### 	Absent: Tim, Michelle
##### 	Facilitator: Daylen
##### 	Minute Taker: Devon

## **Discussion Summary:**
	• We discussed the feedback that Professor Weiss gave Daylen on Thursday. Specifically:
		○ Needing to expand app functionality
		○ Better user stories
			§ Example: As a DIYer I would like to compare an older model of appliance to a newer model to compare energy use
	• We discussed the non-GUI classes necessary for our application (as currently designed), and decided on having an Appliance and Users class.
		○ In the process of this we discussed what we mean by Cost/Year. We decided it made more sense to ignore the initial cost of the appliance to keep Cost/Year consistent on long-term considerations.
			§ This brought up the issue of Energy/Year and Cost/Year being slightly redundant, as these values are directly related and are related linearly.
		○ We realized that, as currently designed, the bulk of our application's classes will be GUI related.
	• Further additions to the app functionality were discussed, including adding an energy savings calculator for window and door replacements.
		○ Windows should be fairly easy to calculate, with only the pane types and surface area needed for calculation, and maybe some info on heating unit usage. (for now we could assume an average Washington winter, and expand from there if desired).
	• Having a meeting to iterate on our development cycle and team structure is still a priority, but we decided to wait until the whole group was together.
	• Looking forward
		○ We would like to meet with Professor Weiss to discuss the scope of our project, and whether our non-GUI class structure is sufficiently large. Either on:
			§ Monday (where Devon would talk to him)
			§ Before class on Tuesday, where the group can talk to him during his pre-class office hours.
			§ At worst, after class on Tuesday
		○ Development process / group structure meeting.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

## **Meeting 4: 11/16/2017, 4:30 - 5:20pm**

##### 	Attending: Michelle, Brandon, Tim, Devon
##### 	Absent: Daylen
##### 	Facilitator: 
##### 	Minute Taker: 

## **Discussion Summary:**
	• 
		○ 
		○ 

